Todo 20th Jan012

1) add elements to header
	-whiteELO
	-blackELO
	//-Event  -- already implemented
	-Time control
	//-ECO

2) Write scores into game annotation
	- and the time per move
	- make option

3) //print an HTML table for tournament results			.. time to complete 2 hours
	- also have standings, maybe graphs, maybe look for component for graphs
	//- Engine vs Engine match 
		ready for testing / improvement
		the header is implemented
		writing event name into header
		ready for retest
		done
		bug, last side to use white is writing into white, so the win / loss stats are messed up

	
4) Tidy up the graph					time to complete 3 hours
	make clickable ? maybe, probably, 
		need traversal

5) Add all buttons to database, remove item, etc     ... time to complete .. 1 hour
	ready for testing

6) Engine Personality					time to complete 2 hours
	 - hard code them to start with

7) Tournament button			time to complete ... 1 day
	- make tournament types

8) Think about ELO calculation, write file to disk, load external program
	-regans papers
	-spawn a bayeselo
	-spawn a elostat
	-spawn a *other elo calculator that I can't remember*

9) Graphics ... time to complete ... 1 day
	-add good looking extra pieces
	- add good looking square themes (texture decimator)
	


10) Setup position, this needs to be fixed ... time to complete: 1 hour
	// solution, load default textures with the board anyway :(
	// store big piece textures in BoardCanvas, small textures in Chessboard (bad but optimal)

11) make a D3DMode toggle   ... time to complete: 1 hour  actual time ... 2 hours, taking break
	// ready for retest
	Think about the piece textures loaded for default

12) The engine vs engine time settings        time to complete: 3 hour
	- make set increment and time
	- make go depth 5 games work properly
	- optionally ignore time-outs, play to completion w/l/d

13) make at least a polyglot book display      time to complete: 1 hour
	ready for testing
	working ... 
	set up bar chart display
	modify polyglot book builder

14) fix the media viewer to load files from disk       time to complete: 20 mins

15) consider behaviour of analyze button on pipe panel in game mode.

16) some sort of idea      time to complete  1 day, depends on full analysis button

17) unify book with tree canvas ... time to complete 1 day

18) add appropriate headers to all windows

19) stop match / resign button for human play
	ready for testing

20) try to see the checkmate (refresh board at the end of a game) 

21) tree canvas seriously causes problems when browsing games in game mode if tree canvas has lastmoveptr
	temporary solution
	ready for retest

22) start playing the game from black-to-move from a setup position causes slight issues

23) add resign button, check time in player boards, time to complete 10 minutes,  (see 19.)
	resign button ready for testing

24) make the clock display properly 
	// ready for retest

25) add option to make d3d canvas not recreate / reset device
	// ready for testing